add another step on
the software developer lifecycle.
Maybe you've add that
key deploy check step,
bunch of deterministic deploy
checks, whatever you want
to do. Maybe you
go super hard on
your review step. Maybe
you add video to
review. Maybe you add
double agent check, right?
Maybe you parallelize the
review step so that
three agents have to
say, three pipelines of
agents have to say,
this is right. You
can run the fusion
chain on agents. Okay,
it doesn't matter, right?
It really doesn't matter.
And this leads us
to the secret of
Tactical Agentic Coding. This
is what everything's been
building up to. The
secret of tactical agentic